# python-challenge
## PyBank Challenge  
For this exercise I first created lists to store the total number of months (records) as well as another list to sotre the profit/losses for each month.  Variables were created to create counters for the number of months, current month profit/loss, prior month profit/loss, totals, percent change and indices for max/min.  To find the month with the highest gain and loss, indices were used to find the min and max of the highest gain and maximum loss within the profit/loss list.  Because the number and order of months and profit/losses in each list are the same, indices were used to specify the months and values with the highest gain and greates loss, respectively.  Code to generate a new text file was created to create an output document containing the full financial analysis, including the total number of months (records) in the file, the months with the highest and lowest gains as well as the total and average changes (in dollars.)

## PyPoll challenges
For this exercise, I created variables to hold the total vote count, percentage of votes, the name of the winner and an index to specify the name of a candidate.  Lists were created to hold: the names of individual candidate, the number of votes each candidate received and the percentage of votes each candidate received.  The indices identify the position of the name of the candidate, votes received and percentage of vote so that the metrics can be written to the appropriate candidate's name in the output file and text.  Code was also generated to create the text file and output the results in a new file as well as within the terminal.
